readme.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  Project Name or Logo
</h1>

<div align="center">
  project name - quick salespitch why this is awesome. 
  <br />
  <br />
  :book: <b><a href="https://eyevinn.github.io/{{repo-name}}/">Read the documentation (github pages)</a></b> :eyes:
  <br />
</div>

<div align="center">
<br />

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@eyevinn/{{repo-name}}?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@eyevinn/{{repo-name}})
[![github release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Eyevinn/{{repo-name}}?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Eyevinn/{{repo-name}}/releases)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/eyevinn/{{repo-name}}.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

[![PRs welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/eyevinn/{{repo-name}}/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22)
[![made with hearth by Eyevinn](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with%20%E2%99%A5%20by-Eyevinn-59cbe8.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/eyevinn)
[![Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se/badge.svg)](http://slack.streamingtech.se)

</div>

<!-- Add a description of the project here -->

## Requirements

<!--Add any external project dependencies such as node.js version etc here -->

## Installation / Usage

<!--Add clear instructions on how to use the project here -->

## Development

<!--Add clear instructions on how to start development of the project here -->

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License, see [LICENSE](LICENSE).

# Support

Join our [community on Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se) where you can post any questions regarding any of our open source projects. Eyevinn's consulting business can also offer you:

- Further development of this component
- Customization and integration of this component into your platform
- Support and maintenance agreement

Contact [sales@eyevinn.se](mailto:sales@eyevinn.se) if you are interested.

# About Eyevinn Technology

[Eyevinn Technology](https://www.eyevinntechnology.se) is an independent consultant firm specialized in video and streaming. Independent in a way that we are not commercially tied to any platform or technology vendor. As our way to innovate and push the industry forward we develop proof-of-concepts and tools. The things we learn and the code we write we share with the industry in [blogs](https://dev.to/video) and by open sourcing the code we have written.

Want to know more about Eyevinn and how it is to work here. Contact us at work@eyevinn.se!

Commit message:

feat: service to create ephmeral token

readme.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  Service to create an ephmeral API token
</h1>

<div align="center">
  Create an ephemeral API token for use in client-side applications with the OpenAI Realtime API. 
  <br />
</div>

<div align="center">
<br />

[![made with hearth by Eyevinn](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with%20%E2%99%A5%20by-Eyevinn-59cbe8.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/eyevinn)
[![Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se/badge.svg)](http://slack.streamingtech.se)

</div>

Create an ephemeral API token for use in client-side applications with the OpenAI Realtime API. 

## Requirements

- OpenAI API key

## Installation / Usage

```bash
% npm install
```

Start the service

```bash
% OPENAI_API_KEY=<api-key> npm start
```

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License, see [LICENSE](LICENSE).

# Support

Join our [community on Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se) where you can post any questions regarding any of our open source projects. Eyevinn's consulting business can also offer you:

- Further development of this component
- Customization and integration of this component into your platform
- Support and maintenance agreement

Contact [sales@eyevinn.se](mailto:sales@eyevinn.se) if you are interested.

# About Eyevinn Technology

[Eyevinn Technology](https://www.eyevinntechnology.se) is an independent consultant firm specialized in video and streaming. Independent in a way that we are not commercially tied to any platform or technology vendor. As our way to innovate and push the industry forward we develop proof-of-concepts and tools. The things we learn and the code we write we share with the industry in [blogs](https://dev.to/video) and by open sourcing the code we have written.

Want to know more about Eyevinn and how it is to work here. Contact us at work@eyevinn.se!
